come guys this is the progress report I
know miss project project from the moxie
team here we have a and rikuo shadows
are Pedro Miguel and also on the call we
have Evan and and Jorge
so don't not forget to add your names to
the attendees list and please share your
progress your report to the during the
agenda so I think we can start and going
to through the list first one is Salazar
and Andre all right so my weekly updates
by the way your charting showing the
school because so that people can follow
them throughout the the notes it's valid
so I think you are it don't take it
because you all right in terms of my
plates
so I've implemented the IBM client so
then IBM client is a library JavaScript
I worry that dot developers will be
using to integrate any any wallets using
the IBM specification there's a I just
seen finish the first implementation of
it it you can just check the source code
I put the Red Bull a link there
associated with a client I've also
implemented the first IBM bridge which
is based on post message so the way
these works is that we we have the
wallet we have the clients and we have a
bridge in between that allows for a
client to discover wallets and also to
exchange messages between the client and
their and the wallet side so this bridge
is based on post message because
everything works in within the browser
in the first interaction of normies and
IBM projects so that was implemented as
well you might shed might check the
source code there if you are curious
I've also implemented the the first
iteration of IBM signatures or
signatures is that there's the rapid air
so basically now we can create sign
shows based on your deeds and the public
key within your gate and others can
verify if the signature is correct by
checking if the key is within the DI
document and the signature metz matches
that public key if you want to know more
about how the process actually works
there's a motivation section on that
tripod which explains the process of
shaking signatures and also I finished
the the first iteration of the shut up
workshop network that I will be giving
in the ipfs camp in this month this by
the end of this month so if you're
curious as well you can check the
workshop and even follow the workshop
it's working so and actually the demo
that I will be leaving will be a short
version of the the final result of the
workshop which is mini shut up where we
can out-educate and of course do the
opposite which is a logout or some like
that and also we can send messages and
those messages are being signed and
other peers are verifying those
signatures or checking if they are
correct or invalid so in terms of my
next steps by the way I'm not locked in
anything and currently I'm not in
progress of anything I finished
everything from the last sprint in the
next sprint I will feel a deep dive on
identity that I will be driving on on
ipfs camp I will be filming a marked on
with some description and a problem that
mystery solvents and and I still need to
choose the specific subject there are a
lot of open problems I will choose the
most appropriate one to get feedback and
do a deep dive on that and also I will
help out Gio
in giving some love tsunamis are you so
know means how are you is like learning
page explaining what what is
and what is naam use and that page is
currently implemented but he needs some
love needs some improvements so we'll be
doing those improvements over the next
week or this week and I will be helping
you with that also I'll be implementing
the revoke up in amuse so we're hoping
enough is actually implemented in the in
the IDM wallet package but it's not
there isn't yet a user interface click
to call that method on the wallet on the
JavaScript package so I will implement
that on noemi's which is kind of nice
because I will be able to show the
feature in the actual lecture so I will
actually like authenticate to the to the
demo shut up and the app itself will
appear in my wallet saying that I now
use that app and once I click it I click
the revoke up my session will be
destroyed on that up so it's a cool
feature that I will be able to show on
the on the actual lecture and also in my
next steps I will improve further
improve the workshops the workshop there
are some minor stuff that I need to
improve so that people can follow the
workshop more easily not so there's some
glitches that I need to to fix as well
so I think those are my dates is there
any questions so I guess I winters that
you have Jeremy about India using it or
are you planning on sorry I was cut down
in the initial part but I think I could
I got your question so you're asking if
the the problem that I state or the help
that I asked was the final solution was
that the question yeah basically alright
so yes the strategy that we are using
for sinuses is something something
really simple so we have the device so
first we have an identity an identity
has multiple devices
because you use your identity wallets in
your phone in your laptop in your hello
any device that you that you have and
those are device private keys and public
is different for each one and underneath
each device you have session keys so a
session key is associated always with to
a device just one and the thing is that
those session keys are there are coyotes
or children keys from that device key by
using deep VIP 32 so use that to derive
a key which which is nice because they
are deterministic and the thing is if we
revoke a device all the session keys are
also revoked because the seniors
themselves always mention the device
even if those are from the session sign
senators from the session key because
within the signature we also have a key
path which is the deliberation key the
revision path that we used to derive the
session key from the device key that's
the whole strategy and the thing is that
old with this strategy the signatures
are compact because the session public
keys don't need to be part of the
signature itself they can be derived
from the from the from the device key
which is just a D ID VAR l which
basically contains your deed and the
pointer to the public key that is we
deem that the ID document but I will
explain that throughout the demo so that
you you get more insight or follow it's
actually works
I have a question as well um Andre would
you mind describing the process by which
you're planning on picking an open
problem today I didn't deep dive for I
kept asking like what are your criteria
yeah so they won't ask because if if you
wanted to run a queue by George in me
and see what like get art and you know
what we think is interesting or
important we'd be happy to HM yeah
honestly I haven't yet thought about
exactly which wish I to my own shoes
there are a few open problems that I
need to that we need to find a solution
of course and the criteria will be not
something easy but not something too
complex because we have like one hour
and a half I think for the d-type so I
will just first go through all the open
problems and do a filter and just to get
a small list and perhaps I will post
that on the IRC I don't know if you if
you are on the IRC channel which is ipfs
- identity and perhaps I will post a
link there the the Lister or maybe I can
in my the list with you guys and you
also provide your feedback to that or
maybe really to issue on you know I know
yeah an email or a link somewhere would
definitely be appreciate I'm not I have
been saturated with channels and so I
tend to avoid iris yeah alright I will
perhaps send an email with the list and
and get feedback on dots the thing is I
need to feel that document like I I
needed to finish that up with like two
days ago and Alan Alan is like making a
lot of pressure so if I if I don't last
for the feedback to be fast so that I
can today create the issue today in fill
the document today if possible so this
won't happen like in two hours or
something awesome alright and don't wait
for us if like you feeling yeah okay so
let's continue with a round of updates
the next one is actually it's me so I
came back from vacations like two days
ago one week and then from Monday until
yesterday I just saw the mini shop mini
chat app that
andrea was talking about using a DM for
the adjudication everything is the
design and the specs for the handoff
were already prepared you can see the
link on on github is present on the
agenda as well and then for the nominal
SIA landing page I have already to take
a walk through and and took the the list
of items that we need to improve on the
landing page everything is already
described and prepared for Jill one see
you can start to do to do so and then
next for me for the end actually this
sprint will be way shorter we have a
holiday this week and then next week as
well on next Monday so this week will be
which are just two days less and it
since it's starting just today like this
we already lost in a way like four days
so I will work on the revoke devices or
slow it's something that we didn't
prepare for the proof-of-concept but
will be the next next test for me and
yeah that's that's almost it any
questions no okay so next one is Pedro
everyone so what I have concluded this
two weeks and I've completed the backup
identity flow you have all the PR links
there if you want to check out and I've
also completed the model global
component that is a component that
allows you to to open and close a model
even if you are not inside the model in
the context of that model and I've also
made some bug fixes you have all the
fixes that I did I will not read and
mold but you can you can check them I've
also added new icons to the the style
guide and also implemented the drop down
component that is actually being used on
the on the authentication screen and it
will be used later for me in the in the
in the next task that I will talk about
so I currently am in progress
I am finishing the authenticate so the
pr will be open soon it's I think I just
need some some refactor to the code and
it's almost then the next tasks for me
are implement the site design prompt and
also the split button this click button
will actually use the drop on component
data that I created before so these are
my my updates any question actually I
have a question I don't know if it's a
good commitment to understand what's the
purpose of the split button in the
contact in the context of the page where
it will be used okay if you can describe
a bit more on sure sure so this split
button will be used in the in their own
but sorry in the identity page and you
you can this this button will have two
actions or two main actions one of them
is to make a pure identity if you
haven't done yet
and the other one is revoke your
identity I guess am i right yeah okay so
these are the two main the two main
actions that this button will be used
for okay so next one on the list is
George if you have any updates so share
with us no no I'm afraid I don't I have
any updates I'm just curious
- yeah - I guess this is the last thing
before the the ipfs camp right so yeah I
mean I was looking forward to see what
you guys were doing okay cool so same
same question for for Evan
no it's no sadness don't be jet-lagged
and so okay wait it was time okay so I
can I think we can proceed for the demos
if you will if we have anything I guess
we have so Pedro or Andre
once you're ready I just need to stop
sharing right so let me see
I like sheep we know my identity so that
we can start from the scratch because I
think everyone didn't see anything about
mummies yet so I will show you the full
flow of setting up your anomalies
wallets and create an identity as well
and and also the by capsule because we
can show that again so now so I will
share my screen tell me when when you're
able to see the screen you see all right
there's a lot of stuff like stuff from
zone that is like cutting my view of the
projects a smaller by the way can you
see it overlays then I'm kind of
dragging no I mean we it actually seems
to show the tool tips when you press a
button but we don't actually over way
when when you're not there
alright so this is the first screen
actually a really fresh so that you can
see that we have like animation when the
thing is booting when he's putting like
starting very pure snow they took like
that so the first thing that you need to
do whenever you in turn on is for the
first time is to set up your Walker
because most of the things things within
the wallet are encrypted so you need to
encrypt that with one or more lock types
for now we are just relying on a
passphrase
which is one of the lock types but later
on we'll be adding all the wrong types
such as web of n which allows us to use
things from your device such as touch ID
and something like in the mobile for
instance face ID it's an touch ID and
stuff like that but for now as I said we
just have the passphrase but the world
architecture is already prepared for
that so I'm gonna type phosphorus and as
you can see we have like a cool library
that shows you why your phosphorus is
weak we are using the library that
actually shows or ex-teammates cracking
times for passphrases
so we are not kind of relying if it has
symbol symbols or stuff like that we
actually trying to be smarter and pretty
revealing week passes even even if they
are large but they are like of like just
ACE for instance like Tenet's it will
show its weak because it's a repeatable
pattern anyway using our before that
from robots
it's called c CX z i think i'm not sure
about them so let's proceed
the second the second scream that that I
have is the idle time for for the
lockscreen so this time defines the
amount of time to the idle maxing time
before actually closing the NAM use
again similar to your operating system
lockscreen it's the same concept
basically in this case I will just use
ten minutes just for fun sake of the use
demo so these on page is like a
placeholder is nothing final we will be
actually improving the placeholder page
for the thief has come to be clear but
for now is just this and let's create my
first identity so we go through the
process of cleaning identity I can
either create or import but because I
haven't I don't have an idea together
we've created first
so the first screen allows you to choose
your type of identity you can choose a
person an organization or other because
identities are not tied to person's
identity it can be anything can be a
person organization company can be a
foundation can be even your kids can I
have an identity because your cats must
be vaccinated so it's it's feasible to
create an identity for kids and say that
is but United the breed fiber connection
for instance in disguise of course I'm a
person I think it's person and gonna
type my name and I will leave the photo
to be field because the workshop that we
that I will be demoing is not doing very
well yet with the avatars but I will be
fixing that before that which has come
next step is to setup your device so you
need to choose the name of your device
we automatically inferred that this is a
laptop but you can like specify a
different device if you think the
initial thing that means further is not
correct in this case of course it's
correct it's a laptop and I can choose
the name because as I said your identity
is associated with one or more devices
and these will be my first device and so
let's proceed and now mine it is being
created and I will try to explain what's
happening here so under the hood if
these goes well yes I will actually open
the console
and tell me if if the things are too
small for you to see it's okay okay all
right so we have this global called
underscore underscore idea - Carvalho -
Mosconi Lascar which just exposes the
underlying wallet module in development
mode so let's see what happens that
happened under the hood so if we pick
over that entities sorry if we pick over
the identities list you will see that we
have one identity here and we can check
what's its the ID all right
so sorry it's the index 0 against the
view so as you can see my D ID is by his
own IP ID which is based on IP FS
basically it uses I penis and IP LD and
it has these identifiers here which is
basically the harsh pointing to your
apenas records which it sells points to
see ID that points to a DNA document
that's the thing so I would try to
resolve that that happiness record by
resolving the D ID so for these we have
also a scope called di di DM which
stands for deed manager and we have the
resolve function I will call it with my
D ID and I will actually await it
because it's a promise oops and
as you can see this is my dear D
document and the most important bits of
my di document is the public keys and I
have two kids here I have my master key
which is like labeled
IDM - mastered which is my master key
it's basically the key that controls I
pianist records in the case of Idid and
I have a second key which is my device
key if you check the label
it's IDM device and the song identifier
which is basically inertia of the public
key and also it's important to mention
that this last key my device key is
allowed for authentication all right
there's also another another fields on
the document there are parts of the spec
but the most important bits are the
public key and authentication but
indication array so I will just mute my
notifications as I'm being so anyway are
you following a true if not please just
stop me and I will explain any question
that might arise I think Evan has a
question right yeah yeah I was gonna
question it makes sense that for
individual you have the master is tied
to the identity and then there's device
keys and I was gonna ask what it is for
like a corporation or for other yeah so
in the case of organizations you have
this feel like the controller and these
are like more advanced scenarios but I
can put a controller that is that
missions or refers to another the ID so
let's say that I'm Moxie as let's say
that we have an identity Moxie we can
add a public key here which is
controlled by a person so this
controller here will be pointing to the
idea of a person for instance for
instance the CTO or the Syriac CEO or so
like that and you if if that if next
what the case for is let's say that
Moxie contracts some agency to like site
to manage the
the social accounts phrases and itself
that agency also as employees like this
is a shame a complete chain that can be
employed by using this strategy it
really depends on these cases but I mean
for most scenarios like simple scenarios
which will the controller will be the
same as that the the ID as it is as it
is in this case if you check the
controller is the same as my the ID but
they the spec allows that did I answer
your question
are you today so there's the controller
which gives identities to devices that
controller in the individual case is the
individual and in the organization case
there's a like there's some there are
some individuals that are they each have
devices that can wear in some
individuals can but exert control over
the controller yeah like for instance in
these guys let's let's give an example
an actual example let's say that we
instead of this controller being myself
I could be telling that Sosa also
controls my identity for instance and he
itself could have three public keys and
how is how is public keys will be able
to also control my my identity and but
also there is this public key which is
which I must use to sign up early for
the private key sorry the private key
will be used to sign is is the proof
that I authorized him basically so this
is like a chain of authorization that is
possible with the ID schema but but as I
said we haven't explored much of it yet
because we are just trying to solve the
simplest case for now but that is the ID
spec is actually some examples with that
so it's not something that the spec
doesn't allow just something that we
haven't explored yet in our case
all right so let's get me the demo we
won on luck because we spent ten minutes
so let's show the backup flow which is
something that we just finished I mean
it was the console so of course because
picking up your I didn't let me explain
that so we actually created my identity
and then the master key which is the one
that controls I pianist record is very
important in the kinds of IP ID because
if you lose it or if it gets stolen your
identity gets basically compromised
forever this is a problem with that guy
respect itself is not a problem with
other dating methods for instance other
daily methods based on it here in
actually point to a smartphone short
that is a contra that might have some
logic so even if you lose you the owner
loses the private key that controls that
contract that smart contract that's my
country might have functional to issue
another owner buys on for instance
social recovery mechanisms such as your
friends and stuff like that it really
depends on that the again yeah in method
so it is guys the my private key my
master private key stored in this
browser so I will back it up and he
raised it from the browser basically so
let's complete this work
so you'll face with a paper key for now
this is something that for the
short-term medium-term you workouts but
later on we'll be having other methods
more friendly methods anyway we haven't
implemented yet the PDF part but
basically it will like be able to
download or print a PDF with the
mnemonic and also TR code for you to
scan whenever you want to import your
identity again because you need we need
your master key when you are important
to identity but for now you can use it
man you can do the manual process and
the manual process is like copying the
twelve words manually to some somewhere
so that you can store it safely of
course as I said is not very friendly at
the moment but you might improve that so
I don't copy the minim onic is a twelve
word money money that will be able to
restore the sieve and with that seed we
will be able to restore the master our
psyche this is something that we
implemented because our psyches are kind
of complex to recover from any 1 million
emmonak sorry but other type of keys are
easy easy because it just requires some
random bytes but in case of RSA is
different you have to compute primes and
stuff like that so we have actually
implemented a strategy for our psyches
anyway a big question okay quick
question on the interface is it supposed
that the copy to clipboard should appear
again with the timeout so I am able to
copy it again and try to avoid copying
like offering the text yes yeah okay can
you take sorry can you take your notes
all right so I'm gonna paste them the
money because I will need it because we
we have like a brief ocation process so
that we are sure that the person really
wrote the the words so I need to select
eight and one
so when his body and it is one two three
four five six seven eight tone hopefully
I know what counts you yours yes we have
but we need to also take note about the
badges they were not aligned well yeah
or is it all by petting between the beds
yeah anyway that's it so at the moment
my master key was completely removed
from my browser so even if a user sorry
rubber managed it manages to you know
get access to my my ID my wallet and and
even asks me to put the password
my master key won't be there right and
to prove that we have here functionality
on an identity
so one access my identity so we have the
backup and the backup get data should be
undefined and is complete shall be true
yes so before I complete the process
that this get data will be giving me
giving me the mnemonic the private key
and the seed the seed and stuff like
that so I think that's it for the backup
demo and now the most interesting part
is to provide authentication of course
to to UPS and this case I have your and
up but before that let me show you the
profile page because I missed this for
even forever so this is the profile page
and as you can see it has like my name
yes your edit profile button you can see
the devices currently associated with
your identity which is just one and I
can prove myself on social networks and
and also I will be able to later prove
that I want a certain size for now those
are not implemented as of yet but they
will be soon and also I don't have any
apps because I haven't yet authenticated
with enough I will just show you the
edit profile so I can feel some more
details about myself like my missionary
my gender also my location and as I said
I won't want to be pulling that avatar
because otherwise we won't be able to
test the shed demo so isn't as I feel
that that information is automatically
there and even if I had more devices
everything will be automatically
replicated using our BTB right so in
terms of actual demo and these will be
used for the resume be used for the
workshop parts of the lecture in a TFS
camp so this is a really simple IDM chat
without IDM chat demo so I'll be opening
here on Firefox as well let's see if it
works so I'm not sure if I'm wrong the
correct branch let's check that before
so I should be
I'm not in the right branch now you want
me to check out with an e/m branch
that's it
[Music]
so you just refresh
all right sorry are you ready I'm not
this will probably fail is always for
the difference alright so as you can see
I cannot type that message before I log
in I need to login first so let's just
do that and what you see is a prompt
asking me to authorize the shop demo app
to receive my personal details and my
source uploads the social proofs is not
yet implemented so they dug itself won't
be receiving anything just my personal
loadouts of course in the future we'll
be able to edit this how much you want
to disclose yeah yeah these are like
similar to Facebook scopes or all scopes
but we haven't implemented them yet so
at the moment it's it will receive the
personal details so if I if I tries and
logged in on on the chat and I'll be
able to to type a message and I will
want you to take a closer look at the
message itself that will appear here
you'll see like a loading and the check
mark the loading means that the message
itself is being being verified verified
in terms of the teammate signature and
if it appears a check mark it means that
the signature was correct alright so
next let's see
Oh No when I'm broken let me see
Oh interviews but it was like kind of
slow I think it was because of my
internet did you guys saw as a spinner
before yeah maybe the Internet is not
really fast
anyway if I like you you were seeing the
loading it should now be instant the
next message because there's some kind
of cash on on the IP NS records fetching
so the next lol second it will feel more
fast because there's cash so let me try
to kind of explain what is happening
under the hood in terms of the
signatures I really try to explain but
it's better to actually follow a rapper
here that we have signatures so we have
a brief explanation of the signature
itself so that signature itself contains
these fields
it contains the deed well which again
it's the the deed and a fragment
pointing to the public key which as you
as you saw earlier it's in disguise it's
a device ID M device key alright so what
I need to do to verify signature is to
fetch the any document check if that
publicly mentioned by that fragment
referenced by that fragment is there and
then I need to derive the real public
key that was used for signing via this
key path in this guy's it would be just
the device key in this example but in
normals in the Soaring that IDM shut
demo I was actually signing with my
session key
so the key path will be something like
this instead
sorry I will show you Spira because I'm
logging the messages
can you see so it's like m / and an
unique identifier that's maps to the
public sorry the key path that allows me
to derive the session precession public
key so that I can check if the value
here on the signature matches the actual
data that was signed that's how it works
this uses VIP 32 to derive the keys so
this is something that many bitcoins
Bitcoin wallets use a tool to have
deterministic Bitcoin comes so that's
basically how it works now we have
another easter egg which is if i type
something like hello IP offense and
because ipfs is within this the string
of the message the text body it will ask
she ask you to sign with your device key
and because the device key is encrypted
within the IDM wallet - we'll ask you to
authorize this signature all right so of
course you'll see some wheels
sorry possible you will see a raw screen
because we are still implementing this
well this will be like the design will
be very similar to the 2.8 occasion
prompts but we will with a different
slightly different design so I will set
this signature and this guy is the
signature itself related but this this
time it was signing with my device key
and let's check it out
in terms of the message and here here it
is so the deed where L is the same but
the key path is the roots one which is
the device one and the value of the
signature is there so I think that's all
for the demo and the workshop will be
like going to all the steps necessary to
achieve what you are seeing here but
from the scratch not of course in the by
doing everything like doing the puzzle
and doing the the shot itself everything
will be there already but just with
marks but the process will be to have
authentication
I mean log in and log out the volume
about integration and also the
signatures and verification of
signatures integration that will be the
demo and I think that's it Thank You
Andre any questions for Andre looks
great Thanks
alright so I guess we can we can finish
that's right
okay thank you for stopping by guys have
a good one see ya